Hey friends, we appreciate you
the listener, and I hope
you appreciate our sponsors because
they make Hansel minutes possible.
Today's first sponsor is Melissa.
Are you looking to build
real time contact data, validation,
and enrichment into your applications?
Try Melissa's developer portal. You'll
gain easy access to flexible
APIs for global address verification,
phone IP address, email and
property and business data sample
code and get post methods.
Plus technical documentation are all
included. Quick. Online payment makes
rapid application development easy. Please
visit melissa.com/developer or call 1-800-MELISSA.
All right, this is Scott
Hanselman. This is another episode
of Hansel minutes and I've
got Arlen Hamilton, founder of
backstage capital. You were on
the show two years ago,
and I think I was
less than professional. You are
so professional, but I was
going to tell, I was
going to say, well, we
should say that Christie's here.
Christy beds. Hello. Hi. Ooh,
Christie pits is my investment
partner at backstage capital and
she's with us today in
Portland. I should say that
I wasn't talking smack. I
was gonna say to Christie.
So we recorded like two
years ago. I had just
met Scott, just probably a
couple of days prior to
that at, at an event.
Right. And he came and
he recorded at the hotel
and he came in, he
didn't have a couple pieces
of equipment that he needed,
but it was fine, you
know, but it was, I
was just like, huh, I
wonder, you know, cause I
hadn't done many podcasts at
that point and you know,
hadn't met a lot of
people in Texas. I was
just like, what's going on
here? And I, it was
fine. It was, I was
in a rush I'll whatever,
as soon as he pushes
record though, it's like, you're
transported into another world. You're
so professional. Like you're so
good. It's almost like it's
the second skin that you
put on or something it's
really good. It reminds me
a lot of musicians who
just go on stage and
they're on, or are actors
who are just like shooting
the breeze and then they're
like, action. And then boom,
they're there. You know? So
yeah, I thought it was
really interesting. That's very kind.
I appreciate the compliment. And
if, if, if I may
then thinking about how you
were at the time you
were, if I may say
somewhat shy, you were a
little nervous and you said
that you didn't do a
lot of public speaking truth,
all of that, but you
now have a podcast of
your own and you are
the subject of another podcast.
That's right. So do you
consciously take things that you
are either uncomfortable with or
you're not like not your
specialty and then just keep
doing them until you become
an expert at them? Depends
on my interest level. So
I don't necessarily do that
for everything, but if I
am really interested in and
really get, have it in
my head that I, I
need to do something to
be better or Sorry, hang
on. There might be an
edit point there. Did you
take it off airplane mode?
Yeah. Yeah. It might be
me cause I'm on an
airport. No airport. We have
to be on air. I
think I can do it
when you took it off.
I can do about 30
seconds ago. It started again.
I apologize. I'll do it
too. I realized that that's
asking you for you to
be disconnected for Yeah. There's
a lot that goes on
in our, in our phones,
Scott. I don't know Actually,
you know what I thought
would be an edit point.
I think we'll just keep
it in there because we're
in this case, sometimes you're
on your phone and you're
doing a podcast. You can
hear the email. Yeah. Who
is Shane? And I can
hear it like a ghost
anyway, even when I'm not
really hearing it, I hear,
I hear emails going, getting
home or like buzzing in
my pocket. Even when there's
nothing there It's changed in
the last two years. Is
this just, is it an
order of magnitude more? Huh?
When it comes to me
not being shy, not being
able to speak you're right.
I'm flashing back to it.
And it was a very
different situation about a year
ago. Exactly. I spoke did
like my first public speaking
thing in tech and it
was because two months prior
I made a promise to
myself that I would no
longer miss out on opportunities
because of a, of my,
my issue with state. Right.
And so I had really
bad stage, right? Like, like
half the population does. And
it was just to me,
it was like, no, I'm
not, you're not going to
do it. I don't, I
don't do anything. I don't
want to do. I can
do stuff online. I can,
I don't have to go
in front of people. And
then I had two things
happen where I missed out
on one was I missed
getting an award that my
mom was attending and I
couldn't take the award because
I couldn't do the, it's
so silly to hear it
now, but I couldn't do
the acceptance speech. And they
needed you to be able
to do that in order
to be honored at this
thing. And I just told
them, like I just said
no, and that, and I
realized as I was watching
someone else get the award,
how not cool. That was
of me. And then the
second thing was I missed
out on an opportunity to
possibly speak with one of
my heroes, Richard Branson, because
he was speaking at Forbes
30, under 30, the same
year that I was asked
to speak and at the
same stage right after me.
So I had said no
to that because I just
put it, it was at
Faneuil hall, which was at
the time like saying go
to the white house and
speak on the lawn basically.
And so I said, no.
And I watched from the
seats and watched him speak
and watch him go back
to the green room where
I would have been sitting
and possibly meeting him. So
in January, 2017, I said, I'm
going to say yes to
three different speaking engagements this
year, that year. And even
if it sucks, even if
it's horrible, I would have
tried. So then a Neil
Williams who, you know, from,
from black and Brown founders
and from zebra con, and
if she's also a founder
in our portfolio, she asked
me to do something in
March of 2017. I reluctantly
said yes, because I had
already made that promise to
myself. She made it very
comfortable. I was terrified. There
were probably 60 people in
the room. Tops still terrified.
And then something happened when
she asked me the first
question, like I was terrible.
I was off on the
side, just like shaking and
Christie knows you was there.
Like I was like, it
was can confirm. It was
like really it was, my
heart was pounding. And I
was like, why, how did
I get here? And actually
someone offered to like, go
get me alcohol. Because at
the time I used to
drink and quite a bit
and they were like, can
I get you something? Cause
they wouldn't get me something
to drink, but I didn't
drink it. And so I
got there, got on to,
you know, get in the
seat with the microphone. It
was being live streamed as
well. And something about that
first question, she asked me
that first question and I
looked out and the audience
and I was just like,
there's people just like smiling
at me. And like, I
felt like it was so
much more important that I
said, I shared then me
being about myself and how
scared I was, it felt
like someone was going to
get something from it. And
then that started being proven
over and over again, when
people would come up to
me and say, Hey, I
saw you speak at this
thing. And like that inspired
me to do this other
thing or something like that.
And, and when I realized
that it wasn't important that
I sounded super smart or
if I knew it didn't,
it wasn't important that I
didn't know everything. Right. It
was more important that I
showed up and then I
shared, and then I gave
of myself and then when
it became about other people,
that's really easy to convince
me to get over something.
When I, when I sometimes
I'll come into contact with
young people that are on
stage or I'm coming off
stage and they're about to
come on after me or
whatever. And I was talking
with a young woman who
was an intern at Microsoft.
And I didn't realize that
after me, she was going
to be giving her first
talk ever. And I could
tell she was vibrating with
that. Like what have I
done? Yes. Right. What have
I signed up for? And
I was trying to figure
like, what am I supposed?
I was expected to like,
kind of like say something
inspirational or like just, and
I just said, everybody here
wants you to succeed. This
audience is not against you.
They want you to kick
butt and they're going to
cheer when you do. And
I don't know if that
helped or not, but she
did kick butt. Yeah. So
that's my, now my go
to thing, like remind them
that the audience loves you
that's they came to see
you. So, yeah. And I,
and I think that's definitely
helpful. And I know for
me at that point, I,
everything that people said to
me just sounded scary. So
what I try to say
to people is like, yeah,
you could suck, you know,
what's but what will happen
if you do? You know,
what's the worst that could
happen if you do this?
W what's the worst that
could happen is a big
statement that can get people
twisted off into their own
minds. You know what I
mean? Cause really bad stuff
could potentially, yeah. I think
it Comes down to, you
know, it's a lot, like
a lot of things like
stopping a vice or something
it's like it has to
come from within. It has
to be your time. It
has to come from, you
can get advice from everybody.
You can hear things and
maybe those things will echo
in your mind. But when
it comes down to overcoming
a fear like this and
like so many other types
of fears, it really just
comes down to you have
that moment, I think. Right?
I mean, I've, I've had
that a few times. I
read, I read an article
that that was talking about
why people have their vices
and why they fail to
stop smoking or why they
fall off their diet. Like,
I'm on like another diet
right now. And my wife
is like, you know, you
always do this for a
couple of months. I log
every calorie. And then I
stopped. Right. And I read
this article that said, we
have a Wells of willpower
and that well, that well
of willpower can be depleted.
I don't remember figuring out
how to fill it up
though. I'm hearing, I hear
it's like, yeah, I could
mainline diet Coke. Wow. Yeah.
Yes. With Lyme. What I
want to understand though, is
that in all the things
you're describing, whether it be
starting, you know, bootstrapping your,
your, your capital fund, whether
it be getting over public
speaking concerns, you must have
this infinite well of willpower.
And how do you, where
does this, where does this
well come from? Cause you're
describing all these things that
require reserves of willpower. The
image I just got was
that it's not a, if
it's a, well, then, you
know, some of it has
to go somewhere and it's
almost like, it's just, I
mean, you want my honest
answer. I weighed 240 pounds.
So yes, I have willpower
about a lot of things,
but it's transferred. So I
used to have a, you
know, I used to drink
really heavily and was not
able to stop until about
10 months ago. And that
was nothing I could control
until I could. And I
would say definitely I have
willpower because I don't think
I could have gotten here
at this point at my
career and what we were
doing at backstage without willpower
and a lot of other
things. But I think everybody
has that. There's something there's
some vice and I, you
know, my vice is chocolate
diet Coke, breads and cheese.
See, we can, we can
very much vibe over the
cheese and diet Coke crowd
because there's people at work
that I will see put
down two, three pots of
coffee before lunch. Yeah. Nobody
says boo. Right. But I
drink two diet Cokes, but
you need to take a
break. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. I
mean, I think we do.
I think we do All
the problems I could have.
Like aspartame is low on
the list. Like I'm diabetic.
What else can I drink?
Right. The air in my
mouth tastes better than water.
So if I can't have
diet Coke, like cut me
some Slack, let me drink
a diet Coke. Can I
live? Oh wow. She's like
this podcast has taken a
turn. Take a several turns.
Yeah. I didn't even get
me started on cheese. We'll
see. I'm a string cheese.
Like I, Oh, Oh, I'm
sorry. I need to stop
this podcast. Yes. Do you
bite the string cheese or
do you pull on the
sides? Okay. I'm a lady.
Okay, good. Oh, of course
I appeal it. It's that's
what it's there. Yeah. That's
why it's great. Amongst the
cheese community of which you
and I are members. This
is the pineapple on pizza
question. Do you just bite
the string cheese like Savage
or do you peel up
people that do that? The
people who bite into the
kitchen? I must confess. I
have punched this string cheese,
but I prefer to peel.
However, I will bite for
efficiency and not enough diligence
I have. Oh, Why you
did it to a string
cheese? I know we have
so little time. Do you
let them be disrespect? The
kid cat and you just
go silent. Oh, the kid
Kat. Oh, I have methodology
on the kit. Kat. Okay.
So the kit Kat, I
like, I like to, you
know how it's like, give
me a break. I'm going
to take a break of
the KickUp or what's the
frame? Is that okay? Like
I really do need to
break to, to kick Kat.
Cause it takes me about
45 minutes because I want
to eat all the chocolate
off. Oh. And then the
wafers one by one. I
don't like, That's how the
cat wants to be eaten.
We're judging her. We don't
want to be judged, but
we're judging her judgment there.
Meanwhile, district cheese down the
hatch. I think the next
time you go to buy
string cheese, you leave it
there for people. Yes. You
don't care The other cheese
that you can chew on.
Right? You can have the
little ones, a little baby
bell weirdo. Like the couches.
You can have those and
you can eat the outside
too. If you want to
just eat the wax, it's
fine. The judgment In this
room over what we eat.
Sorry. Okay. So this is
their vices and the well
of willpower is not limitless,
but you focus on the
things that matter to you
and you cope with that.
I think it's the same
thing that makes, you know,
it's kind of cliche, but
I am sort of I'm
full on whether that's good
or bad. So if I'm
interested in something I can
become full on and that
gets me starting a venture
capital fund from nothing. And
it also gives me like,
I'm going to eat that
pizza, that whole one and
own it and yeah. Yeah,
yeah. And so it's, it's
good. And it's bad. It's,
it's a, it's that double
sided sword as it were,
That skill though has made
this fund even more successful.
So the years, two years
later, since I last talked
to you, how many investments
have you all made? We're
officially at 80 Of a
hundred and that's that number
as well. So I said,
when I first set out,
I set this goal for
myself of getting to a
hundred companies by 20, 24,
not as a race or
anything, but sort of like,
I felt like that is
what was needed to make
the most impact and the
most noise. I thought that
if I invested in five
or six companies, that would
be really cool cause they
didn't have any money. So
that would be something right.
But I thought, you know,
I want to do something
that people think is impossible
because they're saying that they're
not enough companies even started
by women or people of
color or LGBT founders. So
I had to have very
high standards for what we
invest in. And I was
seeing so many companies. And
since then I see we
see like thousands. We see
like 1200 this year probably.
And it's going to, it
was like a thousand the
last couple of years. Hey
folks, Intel is a sponsor
this week. And I welcome
them because they're bringing some
high performance developer tools for
all of us. Check out
Intel's parallel studio X, E
I've talked about parallelism before
on the show and the
importance of using the complete
instruction set, unlocking the power
of the process or that
your code is running on.
Now, you all might be
writing C or C plus
plus Python or even Fortran,
but as your code building
in such a way and
written in such a way
that it uses the latest
techniques for vectorization multithreading multi-node
parallelization or memory optimization, Intel
parallel studio ECC has a
lot of new stuff for
2018 across all these languages.
Get a free download at
bitly.com/parallel studio XE, or certainly
go and Google or Google
with being for Intel parallel
studio ECC and get started,
boosting your apps performance with
smart parallel code with a
lot less effort, check them
out. bitly.com/parallel studio X E
comparing. Now to when we
spoke in 2016, did you
feel that like, kind of
you were, you were niche
before and now everyone knows
you. Cause like, while we
were walking from the first
floor to the second floor
of this building, you got
pitched like twice. Yeah. And
that's low. Yeah. You know
what I mean? And like,
and I was part of
it because I wanted someone
to meet you, but it
was just like, everyone is
to giving you the equivalent
of like my mix tape
is fire all the way
up. You know what I
mean? God, you tripping me
out, But it's true though.
Isn't it right? Isn't that
right? Oh, it happens all
day long. I mean, on
the bus to the airport,
I get pitched all the
time and, and it's only
going to get me Well
when you have a hundred,
when you have a hundred.
Yeah. And you know, so
yeah. I get pitched a
lot. I, I, the thing
that I set out to
do that I didn't know
if I would be able
to, but I knew that
I wanted to try that
thing is happening, which is,
I said, what if there
were someone that every black
founder in the country, if
they were starting a company
they would want to have
on their cap table, what
if there was, there was
someone and I can't say
that a hundred percent, dude,
I'm not going to go
that far, but they at
least, you know, seven out
of those 10 are going
to know backstage or know
of us. Right. And maybe
five out of 10, want
us on their cap table,
if not more, what does
that mean? Cap table cap
table is it's just a
list of investors in your
company. Okay. And let me
ask you of the questions
that some of the people
who will be listening to
this show will be thinking,
why do black and Brown
founders need an advocate or
a fund of their own?
Why aren't they just pitching
the regular quote unquote regular
way?  they are, they
are pitching the quote unquote
regular way. Okay. They're just
there, there's a lot of
bias. And there are a
lot of roadblocks for, for
black and Brown founders that
are just inherently there. And
they're, you know, I said
that two years ago and
I can tell you with
Emily even more now I
know You've been both on
the inside and the outside.
Yeah. Yeah. And th th
th we talk about data
collection. I mean, we have
it, we see it in
droves and there's just, there's
so much, now there's so
much to that question now
because it's more than it
was when I started. It's
when I started two years,
a lot has happened in
the war, in the world.
And the things that I
couldn't have imagined with backstage
have happened, where in some
cases it's just about, I
recently had someone contact me
who, who is in a
very competitive, competitive round. Okay.
Oversubscribed, you couldn't get into
the round, but they wanted
backstage just because they didn't
have any women of color
on their cap table on
their list of investors. So
translate some of that into
layman's language. So oversubscribed, meaning
that everyone wanted to invest
in them. Yeah. So that's
another thing that you do
very well. Scott here, you're,
you're you're your own person.
Okay. I know. I just
want to advocate for the
listener. You are you're, you're
so good at that. I
see I'm learning. Cause I
have my own podcast. I'm
learning more and more from
you. Okay. So this, this,
this people, they were oversubscribed.
So this company went out
there. The example I just
gave. So this company had
already raised the amount of
money that they wanted to
raise, that they set out
to in a very quick
amount of time, which is
not normal. And then on
top of that, they had
a waiting list of investors
saying, can we please invest?
Because you're such a cool
company and such a good
company we want in and
they show, you can walk
up to them and say,
Hey, can we, can we
talk? I had to have,
like, I would have a
million dollars and I would
want to give it to
them. They don't even want
it. They have enough people
I've even, I can't give
them money. Absolutely. Wow. So
that same company, this is
just an example. Yeah. They
reached out to me and
said, we'd like you to
get in before we close
this round officially legally. Interesting.
So they went for you
and said, we want your
money because we want you
on our list of people.
We can call investors. We
can say backstage appreciates us.
Yeah. And gets us and
on their list of, I
mean, these people, you know,
the people on the waiting
list and the people that
had invested her top tier
funds, who would just say,
they're getting a note. It's
almost like, think about it.
If you go, if you
walk up to a club
and they're they say, are
you on the list? Yeah.
If you're not on the
list, you kind of, you
can wait in line. There's
a chance you might be
able to get in. But
what they said to backstage
was, Hey, VIP, you're already
in, come on back, You
cut the line, open the
velvet rope. And then you're
in the club. Yeah. I
got a little bit, I
felt privileged. It was, it
was a little taste of
privilege that I had. So
let's, let's talk about that
a little bit. We've talked
before about how I do
like what my friend, Dan,
Juan Simmons invented this idea of
lending privilege, but I don't
lift people up. Give him
a little bump, the Hanselman
bump along the way. On
the way up. I talked
to people. I try to
talk to people that don't
tease me. Now I try
to talk to people on
that. I try to talk
to people on the come
up and give them some
visibility. Right. So very much
so. So originally, you know,
some number of years ago,
and you can tell me
how many years ago you
were lacking in a number
of privileges, not the least
of which being a roof
over your head. And now
you're finding yourself both in
some ways, underprivileged, but in
some ways extremely perfect. You
could call venture people on
the phone. You probably can
text people that Google ventures
right now, as a privilege
I do not have. Yes.
How does that feel when
you have one foot in
a place of privilege and
one foot, a place It's
funny, it's a humorous ride
because within moments I can
experience both so I can
feel a plane. Yeah, absolutely.
Yeah. And I bought planes.
I probably fly four or
five times a week now.
So I board planes a
lot. I'm in first class
a lot. So I had
that experience of, do you,
can I see your ticket?
Are you supposed to be
here a lot? And I'm
like, you know, you know,
While you're on the way
to close around, like the
irony of that. Yeah, Exactly.
Like I would have just
said, or I would have
just spent a day just
working my ass off and,
and working with hundreds of
thousands of dollars, you know,
back and forth in some
way or another. And then
I get on the plane
and go to the next
place to maybe do a
speaking engagement or meet with
a founder. And I'll have
that moment of, you know,
you're the help, you know?
And that happens every day
happened within 24 hours. I
mean like of now, like
it happens every single day,
those microaggressions, but on the
other side of it, I
would, the way that I
describe it is that I've
been siphoning privilege for the
past three years. And what
I do is I see,
like I watch men and
I watch white people and
I see what they do
with their privilege. And I
siphoned it. Like, I don't
know, there's probably some sort
of, This is interesting juxtaposing
lending privilege and siphoning privilege
Siphon it because sometimes people
don't, there's not a lot
of people like you who
want to lend it. So
I appreciate the land, but
with the ones who are
not lending, boom, while they're
looking over, I have the
little, what do you call
it? When you're taking people's
gas at the car? You
know, I'm talking about Christie,
Christie. No, it's not that
I've done that once or
twice as a young person.
Yeah. Christie pits. Have you
ever siphoned gas? I have
not saved. And you use
it big straw, like, Oh
my goodness, you take it.
You take a bucket. And
when they're not looking to
get up behind car, Chris,
You say something about, so
I thought they got black
chain. So blonde and nerdy
all the time. Same When
you, when you say you
have to suck in on
the big, on the, on
the tube and you have
to, to the Duke, that's
what I meant. But you
have to also make sure
if they're in the car
at the time though, you
have to be aware of
their line of sight so
that they don't look out
the rear view mirror and
see you safe. You have
Siphon gas from a car
that had, But the trick
is though, if you can,
if it's affirmative, it's I
neither confirm nor deny. But
if you can get some
older cars, then the gas
tank is on the back
in the old cars and
you unscrew it on the
back of the trunk. Right.
Then you don't have to
come up on the side.
Cause the driver's side is
dangerous. You can't siphon gas
out the driver's side. You
say if one were to
theoretically siphoned gas, I don't,
I'm not so sure. So
you siphoned privilege. I do.
I mean, I observe it.
I do a lot with
privilege. I play with privilege.
I observe it. I don't
necessarily respect it. I don't
have any sort of, I
don't look at it in
awe in any way, including
my own. So I don't
have much reverence for privilege,
which means that it's really
easy for me to also
share mine. That was the
next thing I was going
to ask. I, I tweeted
something a couple of weeks
ago that got like a
thousand tweets or whatever he
thinks. And it was the
most important thing that you
should do once you've made
it up over the ledge
is to send a ladder
back down. And a lot
of people really appreciated that
tweet. And then a bunch
of other people were like,
what was it? A rope
ladder? What kind of a
ladder? I don't think you
just kicked the ladder down.
And then I kept the
Twitter, Twitter, the only place
where you can give away
money, give away money. And
someone still has a problem
and tells you how you're
doing it wrong. Which I
experienced this year. I have
experienced that this year when
I started a nonprofit and
I got and Alyssa Milano
retweeted. Okay. What about that
nonprofit? Cause that was a
genius idea. That was micro
loans, right? Micro grants. Yeah,
grants. It's a total nonprofit.
So I, you know, backstage
capital is for profit Sharky.
I get to play in
that world every day, but
it, it kind of just
started. I, my, my dad
passed away a couple of
years ago and he had
this little house. It was,
it was not much to
speak of in Jackson, Mississippi,
but then I became the
owner of it. And a
couple of years later, I
sold it and got a
little bit of money from
it. And I gave my
mom some money and gave
my brother some money. And
then I said, Hey, I
wanna give ten five hundred dollars grants to
people who are working on
something cool. And it can
be for profit or nonprofit
that they're working on, but
just something cool. So I
just put a tweet up,
got a lot of response.
And The question was, what
would $500 do for you?
And it's not expecting anything
just to create, to make
exactly. Yeah, I'm not, I
didn't want to dictate what
they were doing or give
too much of a parameter
around it. It was more
like, cause I had done
something a little bit similar
on a smaller scale for
Christmas, just kind of went
on line and like gave
away a few things. And
I saw the results of
that like a couple of
months later and I was
like, this is too cool.
Like you can do something
for $50 that just has
some impact. And I remembered
being you, you alluded to
this before, but I remember
being so broke just recently,
just in the last three
years being so broke were
$50 would have just made
my week to get that
out of nowhere. So that's
what I did the Christmas
thing about. And then the
500, I said, well, 50
we'll do something. 500 were
really do something and really
affect change and move things.
And I'm I'm about, I
like to see things happen
pretty quickly. I know I
can sit around. There was,
there's an instantaneous aspect of
this. It wasn't just like
pay down someone's debt. You
want to take that and
do something. That's what I
was looking for. I mean,
but people could kind of
just pitch whatever. And they
just told me, I saw
people just started sending things
and, and then Alyssa Milano
retweeted it. And then because
of that, Debra messing, who
plays grace and will, and
grace who I've been watching
for nearly 20 years, she
retweeted it and liked it.
And so we got, I
got like 1500 responses for
10, for 10. Oh yeah.
So when I, when that
happened, I did choose 10,
which were awesome. But then
I said, Hey, there's this
is something and it's not
so big. Then it's unknown.
It's insurmountable insurmountable. So I
decided to turn it into
like an official nonprofit where
we gift $500 grants, just
PR PR, why can't I
talk to them periodically throughout
the year? And there's really,
I mean, it's, it's So
it's not, it's not a,
GoFund me. It's not a
Patrion. It's something different. It's
like this $500 is a
barrier between me and this
great thing that I want
to do. Yeah. I started
with Brian Landers and Diane
Therese who are both friends
of mine and on the
backstage team. And we just,
we, we get to, you
know, grant people money to
do cool things. So it's
anything from, There was a
cause player who wanted something
like it was like, It's
a black woman who like
young woman who wanted to
go to this convention that
she'd never been able to
go to. And she showed
pictures of her doing cosplay.
And you know, that's not
really my thing to be
honest, like it's not the
world that I live in.
I've had a lot of
like friends that do that,
but it's not something I
personally would do. But I
was like that like gives
her joy. There's pure joy
on her. Her whole Twitter
feed was cheese. Just kicked
about that. And for people
like you and I, who
are privileged to go to
conferences and speak at conferences,
I know people who go
to a conference every three
years, I couldn't get into
a conference before three years
ago. I just couldn't. There
was no way that could
happen unless somebody handed me
a way in. And I
just, I thought about like,
kind of set myself into
the feature and say, what
would that be like if
she were able to go,
what get that? What could
that mean for her? And
what could that create in
her and stirring her and
what could she then do
with that? And that was
just, That's just one example,
the trip of a lifetime
for that For her. Yeah.
And like, it's there it's
attainable. So yeah. So now
we, now we do And
what is the name of
that? And where can we
go? And it's a nonprofit
I can donate money to
That's right. You can apply
or you can donate money
if you, if you'd like,
and we get donations from
$5 to 5,000, honestly. Yes.
So anything is great. You
know, it is it's called
cover and it's project cover.org.
Okay. And it's also project
cover on Twitter. Covid.org. It's
a nonprofit and you might
even be able to go
and check with benefi if
you have a big company
and they might be able
to do matching against that
because it is an official
nonprofit. It is officially. We
have a fiscal sponsor and
it's a tax deductible donation.
Now let me ask you
this. As we close the
podcast, is there a, can,
can a person invest in
backstage capital and do they
have to give you a
certain amount of money? Like
if there's a rich person
listening to this podcast, do
you, are you, are you
at the stage where I'm
not even to take your
money? I cannot answer that
because of sec regulations due
to yeah, Dude. I did
not know that. Well, I
apologize for putting you in
the government on the spot,
Dude, dude, dude, dude. Okay.
So that's good to know,
but people can learn more
about where can we learn
about it. Backstage capital.com. You
can see everything that we
do. And if you ever
want to get in touch
with anyone, who's a part
of our crew, which is
a large crew. You go
to the crew page, the
first name of that person@backstagecapital.com
is how you reach us.
Okay? So under your team,
you can go and see
the list of all different
people, what they specialize in,
what they focus on. That's
right. First name at backstage
capital. There's also an applications,
a URL, which is backstage
capital.com. Backslash apply if you
are a founder or at
a company, and you'd like
to seek funding for your,
for profit company that you
think is going to make
us a lot. Yeah. And
that we are allowed to
encourage people all day. So
backstage capital.com/apply. If you've got
a great idea, the next
killer startup, and you want
backstage capital, I, you know,
if you're an investor listening,
the way that we can
connect is talk about co-investing.
We can talk about that.
So get in touch. We
can talk about co-investing and
about what we have planned
for the future. Fantastic. Well,
I'm so glad that things
are going so well for
backstage capital. You've got a
team of thousands now. Yeah.
Yes. There's thousands of us
said backstage, how do you
do it? 17,000. How many,
how many people don't I
think we're at. Yeah. Are
we at 17? Yeah. 17.
And we just started, we
did a joint venture with
tan jello, which you can
read more about on our
site, which is a venture
studio with six core members.
So we're, we're adding. And
how many were you when
I talked to you in
that hotel? Oh, these many
years ago, two years ago
would Have been me. I
don't know if I had
met Brian yet. Wow. I
don't know if I've met
Christie yet. Yeah, I think
it was me. Well, we
wish you all the success
in the coming two years
and hopefully I'll check in
with you again. Thank you
so much. This has been
another episode of Hansel Memphis,
and I'll see you again
next week.